1) What are comments? 
    A:  # comments are remarks from the developer to anyone reading the code that are not directly
associated with any live code.

2) Demonstrate at least 2 ways to create a comment. One should be for multiple lines.
    A:  #;
"""abc
def""";
3) If the name of a file is app.py what do we type in the command line to tell our computer to run it?
A:  python3

4) Demonstrate how I can tell a Python program to display something in the command line.


5) What can we use to save a value for later use in our code? Provide an example.


6) What can I do to prevent certain files and directories from being tracked by git?
    A: add desired files/directories to a .gitignore file

7) What can be used in order to repeat some block of code? Provide 2 examples.
    A:up arrow will directly copy the previously entered line of code
        b: for (x) in ()
8) When saving a value for later use what type of operator do we use?


9) What's the key difference between git revert and git reset?
    A: Git Revert: removes commit, Keeps history of the commit
    B: Git Reset: removes commit, deletes history of the commit

10) What's the key difference between Python lists and tuples?
    A: Lists can have its variables changed, tuples cannot.

11) What can I do to know where I am within my file system?
    A: Command " PWD "

12) Describe the anatomy of a Python dictionary and create one below.
    A: dictionaries in python are used to store data values in "key:value" pairs.
        B: DictionaryExample = {
            "Brand" : "Dodge",
            "Model" : "Magnum",
            "Year" : "2005"
        }

13) What type of values can be in a Python dictionary?
    A: a dictionary can contain any type of value but must being
    an immutable data type (string, number,tuple)

14) What type of values can be in a Python list?
    A: lists can contain almost any value type (strings, tuples, dictionaries, numbers, etc.)

15) What data type are True and False?
    A: Boolean

16) What language does your computer understand?
    A: Multiple, but universally binary is the base for all computers.

17) What do we need in order for your computer to make use of programming languages?
    A: Compiler / Interpreter

18) At what index is your instructor's name located in this list? ["Ron", "Troy", "Martha"]
A: [1]

19) What does frontend / client side mean?
    A: This regards the UI the user visually sees while using the software.
    As opposed to the lines of code actually executing the desired task.


20) What does backend / server side mean?
    A: This is the "kitchen" to the softwares "dining room" (frontend).
    This is where the code is searching for directories and writing new files. 
    This area is typically not visible to the customer/clinet side.

21) What are 3 way to create a Python string?
    A:"a"
    B:  'a'
    C: """a
    a"""

22) What are 2 types of number data types in Python? Provide an example.
    A: Int (intiger) - 1,2,3,4,5
    B: Float - 1.1,2.2,3.3,4.4,5.5

23) Are we able to add two strings together? How?
    A: str1 = "Hello"
        str 2 = "World"
        print(str1 + str2)
        = " Hello World "

24) What commands would you use to create the following file structure? (write every command line by line):
    
    Desktop
    -> projects
        -> instagram
            -> images
                -> profile_image.jpg
            -> app.py
        -> tiktok
            -> clips
            -> app.py
            
    A:  cd ~
        cd Desktop
        mkdir projects
        cd projects
        mkdir instagram; mkdir tiktok
        cd instagram; mkdir images
        cd images; touch profile_image.jpg
        cd ..
        touch app.py; cd ..
        cd tiktok; touch clips, app.py


25) What is the path to profile_image.jpg?
    A: cd desktop/projects/instagram/images

26) What commands can I use to get from the clips directory to the images directory? (write every command line by line):
    A: cd ..; cd ..
    cd cd instagram/images

27) What method can I use to change this string from "troy" to "Troy"? 
    A: mv troy Troy
    OR a=troy ; print(a.upper)

28) What method can I use to change this string from "TROY" to "troy"?
A: mv TROY troy
    OR a=TROY ; print(a.lower)


29) How can I check to see if all of the characters in a string are numbers/digits?
    A: isnumeric(x)

30) How can I split a string into a list with each value in the list being a line of the string?
    A: sort(x)

31) What are the Python comparison operators? List each and describe.
    A:== equal to
    != not equal to
    > greater than
    < less than
    >= greater than or = to
    <= less than or = to

32) What are the Python logical operators? List each and describe.
    A: and - returns true if both statements are true
    or - returns true if one of the statemetns is true
    is not - returns true if both variables are not the same 

33) How can we decide to run one piece of code versus another? Provide an example. 
    A: a = 25
       b = 50
       if a < b
        print(a is less than b)
34) What can I do to work on my primary code, but not mess it up? Provide an example.
    A: you could initiate a git clone repo.
    ex: create a remote repo on github, push your "master" code to the remote repo.
    work on your code remotely then push to github to compare and approve changes.

35) What do I do in order to make sure I have the latest code on my machine?
    A: git pull (this will ensure you are working on the most up to date code, pull it 
    from the github cloud)

36) How can I accept user input into my Python code?
    A: input(x)

37) How can I see all of my git commits?
    A: git log
        b: git log --oneline 

38) How can I add a value to a Python list?
    A: append(x)
    B: insert(x)
    C: extend(x)

39) How can I remove a value from a Python list?
    A: remove(x) - remove with specified value
    B: pop(x) - remove at specified position
    C: clear(x) - everything

40) How can I access a value in a Python dictionary?
    A: thisdict["x"]

41) How can I remove a value from a Python dictionary?
    A: pop(x) - removes item with specified name
    B: popitem(x) - removes last inserted item
    C: del *listname* ["value"] - removes item with specified keyname

42) How can I change a value in a Python dictionary?
    A: dictionaryname ["x"] = (new value name)

43) What is a pull request? Describe it in detail.
    A: a pull request is your submission for approval of changes to a code
    via github. A SR Engineer will review your pull request for approval/denial.


44) Why do we use services like Github?
    A: Github allows multiple people to work on the same code without conflicting or creating overlap.
    Github also allows remote engineers to collab in a scalable, organized manner.

45) How can I create a git branch?
    A: git branch [branchname]

46) How can I switch to another branch?
    A: git checkout [branchname]

47) What happens if multiple engineers try to change the same area of a codebase from different points in time?
    A: an illegal error/conflict will produce. The most recent code must be pulled prior to any changes.

48) What are the 3 stages of of tracking our work with git?
    A: working tree 
    B: staging area
    C: git repository

49) What are the commands we'd use, in order, to move our changes through these stages?
    A: git init
    B: git add
    C: git commit

50) Is spacing in my Python code important? Why?
    A: spacing is very important because it can determine 
    what strings/variables are tied to which lines of code.
    Spacing is used to tell python how to read the lines of code.
.